ah what will you do without that ever so
important cup of morning Java to start
your jam-packed day
do you prefer latte or black coffee are
you kind or is there a chance that
you're actually borderline crazy
forget about fortune-telling tea here's
what your choice of coffee could
actually reveal about your personality
sources out there are claiming that
people who prefer milky or sugary coffee
tend to be more agreeable while those
who enjoy playing black coffee show
signs of being slightly crazy that's
right some of you might want to be
careful about letting that cute barista
take your order too often he or she
might know more about you than you know
about yourself
just ask Lachlan Ward a barista from
Melbourne Australia who claims that he
believes that those who enjoy a smooth
milky latte are usually more
approachable because they're laid-back
this also means they could be a bit of a
gullible pushover his words not mine
according to Ward cappuccino drinkers
could have obsessive personalities while
being considerate at the same time I
really need to take a closer look at
myself he also thanks piccolo drinkers
enjoy most things in small quantities
you know since they like their coffee
that way they can be kind with a hint of
extreme competitiveness perhaps it's
time to cut back on some of that daily
intake of caffeine on the other hand he
says those who prefer strong black
coffee are probably workaholics who tend
to be stubborn opinionated and
argumentative okay I know everyone has
good and bad qualities but who does this
guy think he is is that what you're
thinking right now if the word of a
professional coffee server isn't enough
perhaps scientific research will
convince you oh yes there have actually
been studies conducted to draw a
connection between your personality
traits and what you like to eat and
drink and apparently the Aussie Coffee
man is not far off the mark in 2015
the University of Innsbruck around 1,000
adults were asked to complete a survey
in order to determine their preferred
flavors in food and drink they were also
asked to participate in several
personality tests which led to the
finding of a link between someone's
taste and character now before we get
into the science of it all do people
really like coffee so much that it could
be part of their persona well here are a
few freaky statistics for you in 2017
alone the coffee market claimed around
18 billion dollars and the average
coffee drinker consumes about 3 cups
daily these coffee drinkers include
roughly 50% of Americans and that means
in the United States alone there are
around 150 million people who regularly
drink espresso cappuccino lattes or any
kind of coffee and it's only eight in
the world for highest coffee consumption
per person
so yes coffee is kind of a big deal and
so is your choice thereof so maybe it's
time to disguise yourself and use a fake
name the next time you step into your
nearest Starbucks especially if you
enjoy a strong coffee with no milk yeah
sorry black coffee drinkers as it turns
out that study actually coincides with
the Australian baristas theory that you
could be a tad more aggressive than
those kind-hearted milk lovers the fact
that you enjoy a strong bitter taste
could mean that you have antisocial
tendencies in short you might be crazy
and you're showing it to the whole world
every time you refuse to add some milky
goodness to your daily dose of caffeine
clinical psychologist dr. Ramani
Durvasula conducted a study of her own
by observing 1,000 copy drinkers and she
too found a strong link between the
choice of beverage and the person's
mannerisms according to doctor Durvasula
latte drinkers are more generous and
will do a lot to help others it's not
all good news latte lovers you too have
a dark side that comes with your white
coffee she also found that latte
drinkers often spend so much time
pleasing others that they often let
themselves go and get worn out
the comfort drink could also indicate
that they are seeking comfort in all
aspects of their lives
sound familiar the pattern is definitely
there she too found that those who
prefer milk free tend to be more Moody
and dismissive as well as reluctant to
embrace change let's not forget those
who prefer to keep it cool at their
frozen coffee blends there are a few
pros and cons about your order as well
the psychologist thinks you could be
labeled a trendsetter and that you have
a spontaneous personality however your
juvenile spirit also means you could be
quite irresponsible here's a little
gullible you think you're safe from
judgment since you prefer instant coffee
that you can brew in the comfort of your
own home think again the barista has
labeled you as quite clever and savvy
since you can probably make a great
tasting coffee at a fraction of the
price of what others pay at cafes even
doctor Durvasula thinks that if you
prefer instant coffee
you're probably laid back and not too
bothered by the fact that people make
fun of you for liking the so called
cheap stuff but even these coffee
drinkers can come across as perhaps too
sloppy and careless and lack preparation
skills now it's time to dig into those
special order coffee drinkers you know
those friends with orders that you can't
seem to remember because a suction a
full have an half decaf soy skinny yeah
you know who you are it could be that
these trendy coffee drinkers actually
like the dream or they are trying to
live a healthier lifestyle heck they
could even be lactose intolerant
unfortunately this could also indicate a
tendency to be a fit controlling and
oversensitive peg in some cases it's
just plain pretentious and according to
research you tend to get stressed a
little easier hey sounds pretty cool and
you place that order so let the haters
hate go be a healthy perfectionist and
stop worrying so much take a page from
the instant coffee lovers so whether the
source is someone who serves coffee for
a living an official university research
study or an actual doctor of psychology
the conclusion is the same if you drink
black coffee you are probably a little
crazy
but then again aren't we all you could
also be the exception to the rule in
that case get out there improve science
wrong at the same time
let's not completely dismiss the
research just yet and maybe keep an eye
on your next blind dates coffee order I
mean it can't hurt to be careful right
and throw your dates conclusions under
the bus by ordering something completely
contrary to your personality it's not
fair for someone to label you that quick
so make them work for it now that's good
news black coffee drinkers may have a
lot of traits that scream crazy but
they're also the ones that get things
done and keep it simple so you can walk
into that cafe order proudly and tell
that barista that even though you seem
like someone who is an aggressive OCD
cuckoo you are also independent and
efficient unlike the needy pushovers
with their milk bread and hot drinks
even the barista said black coffee
drinkers are probably the last to leave
the office so it could count as a major
plus on your resume looking at the
research it seems almost all coffee
drinkers have a little bit of crazy edge
anyway how do you like your coffee pure
black crazy style or lovable latte don't
worry we won't judge like our video and
share with your copy loving friends
sound off in the comments and let's get
the kettle ready for some deep talk
subscribe for more videos that show you
the crazy bright side of life